Why?
Because he is my wife
Also my guest
So he has to work with me.
Which little broken company are you?
Believe it or not, I'll put you out of business in minutes
Although my husband
Just a little brother under the Shen family
But I will stand with him
Miss Dawn
I suggest you think it over
We han
Language is one of the top three music giants in the world
And we're giving 1 billion
Sincere enough
It's a billion dollars.
Boss Yu only has your courage
I still want to rob the Shen family
Yeah, it does.
1 billion is just my pocket money a month.
Hum Gu Jingxi
Even if you are the dawn
Don't blow like that
Do you know what a billion is?
Just a billion.
As long as he wants
My entire Shen family can give it to him
Those surnamed Shen eat soft rice
You're addicted to pretending to be a third master, right?
One minute later
You will regret your ignorance
And regret
Third Master, this is the appointment letter
This is my Shen family.
Chenxi, the first producer of Yuncheng Gold Medal
Prepared tens of billions of job offers
You are really Shen Yanzhen of the Shen family